Alright, so for the first challenge solution, we're going to use the conditional expression that gives
the results we want for each of the values from 1 to 30.
Now the line I'm about to type is a bit long, but bear with me as we start with it anyway.
So I'm going to start with fizzbuzz equals, left and right square brackets, double quotes fizz buzz if x modulus
operator 15, two equal signs because it's equal to zero, else double quotes fizz, if x modulus three equal equal zero, else buzz double quotes,
if x modulus 5 equals zero, else str x for x in range parentheses, one comma 31.
So that line really is a bit long, and we should really split it up to stay consistent with PEP guidelines.
If we have a look over to the right hand corner here, or right hand side rather, PEP 8 line too long, 125
greater than 120 characters, so probably make sense to split it about there.
And that makes it a bit more readable.
Right so then we'll print on the next line, fizzbuzz.
Now here before I actually run this, you might be wondering why I'm using the function string instead
of just printing x, because we're printing the results and we won't be doing any further processing, which means
that either would do here.
But remember that a list comprehension produces a list and the lists are intended to be homogenous,
in other words, they're intended to store items of the same type.
Now that's not enforced by Python, and you can mix all sorts of types in a list and sometimes you will
want to do that, but it can cause problems if you're not careful when you come to use the list.
So let's actually run this just to confirm now that it does work,
and you can see in the list there the results.
It looks pretty good to me, it looks like it's working nicely.
All the fifteens, threes and fives have got fizz, buzz or fizzbuzz, and we've got the numbers for the rest of them. OK.
Now you'll often want to process the list in some way,
so we'll use the centre method of strings now to display the results a bit differently.
So what I'm going to do is comment out this initial for loop here, the one that you already had before the challenge,
and instead what I'm going to do on line 21, is type for buzz in fizzbuzz, colon print parentheses buzz dot
centre, parentheses 12 comma space two single quotes and the asterix.
And if we run that,
you can see now we've got the results printing out in a width of 12, padded by asterisks on each side. It makes
it a bit easier to actually review the output, to make sure that it's working correctly.
Now by the way,
the reason I'm showing you that is because that works fine, only because we made sure that all
items in the list are of the same type - a string.
Now if we didn't do that we'd get an error.
So if we change the else over here, from string x to x, and run this again,
we actually get an error.
That's because ints of course don't have a centre function.
It is a slightly contrived example.
The point though, is you may want to do things with the items in your lists, and it's a lot easier if
all items are the same type in that list.
Now I'm not saying by any means that you should never mix types in a list.
If it wasn't a useful thing to do,
Python probably wouldn't let you do it. But if you can keep your lists homogenous, then you'll get fewer problems
when you come to use them for things that you hadn't originally planned to use them for.
Alright so let's close that run window down, and what I'll do is I'll undo those changes, and what I might do is actually
end the video
here now, because you've got Challenge 1 completed successfully. In the next video,
what we're going to do is start tackling Challenge 2 - this one here. So I'll
see you in the next video.